Fix the three Python scripts (#841)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/large-deployments/pages/hub-auth.adoc

# Get the server IDs
serverIds = client.hub.listServerIds(hubSessionKey)

> # For simplicity sake, assumed here the same username/password as the hub server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For simplicity, this example assumes you are using the same username and password here, as on the hub server.
```

> # In the general case, every server will have its own credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# However, in most cases, every server has its own individual credentials.
```

serverIds = client.hub.listServerIds(hubSessionKey)

# Authenticate each server with its own credentials

> usernames = [HUB_USERNAME for s in serverIds]

Reviewer 2: I don't really know how the hub operates and what this script needs to take care of, but this line looks a bit weird to me.
```python
usernames = [HUB_USERNAME for s in serverIds]
``` 
It assigns a list of the same string (`HUB_USERNAME`) with as many elements of that string as there are `serverIds` to `usernames`. The comment above suggest there are different passwords for each server, but that would require something dynamic (e.g. a function call) that returns the correct username and passwords for each server. 
```python
usernames = [calculate_username_for_server(s) for s in serverIds]
passwords = [calculate_password_for_server(s) for s in serverIds]
``` 
But maybe that's not what is needed. Another option to make this example a bit clearer (to me at least) would be to change the above comment to read something like the following.
```python
# Each server uses the credentials set above, client.hub.attachToServers needs
# them passed as lists with as many elements as there are servers.
```

Author: Agreed.
The current script seems tailored to the naive test case scenario; i.e., all machines with the same username and password.
It is mentioned in the point 3. just above this script:
```Credentials for each peripheral server are provided to the attachToServers method. This performs authentication against each server’s XMLRPC API endpoint.
```
Adding your comment to the script would make this clear.
